Dear ((Title??Mr / Ms)) ((full name)),

Following our investigations, the Receiver of Wreck has, so far, been unable to locate the current legal owner of the wreck material from the report ((reference)) ((BMAPA ref??COMPANY_####) and listed below.

The statutory period in which an owner must come forward and prove ownership has elapsed and no claims to ownership have been received. Therefore, in accordance with section 243 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1995, the Receiver of Wreck is able to offer ((Dredge Company??Enter Dredge Company's name)) title to the material listed below in lieu of a salvage award.

((item pluralised)) as listed and described by you:
((items))

The Receiver of Wreck's responsibility for ((this pluralised)) ((item pluralised)) is now discharged and report reference ((reference)) ((BMAPA ref??COMPANY_####) is now officially closed. Please look after ((this pluralised)) ((piece pluralised)) of Britain's maritime heritage.

((suggested donate??Although this report is now closed and you have been awarded the title to the recovered material, given the historic interest in the wreck material you might like to consider donating it to an appropriate museum. If you would like the Receiver of Wreck to assist you in taking this forward, please do let us know.))
((custom message))

Please also note that although on this occasion ((Dredge Company??Enter Dredge Company's name)) has been awarded ((this pluralised)) ((item pluralised)) in lieu of a salvage award, you are still required to report all future recoveries from all dredging activities.

Please keep this email as it is your proof of ownership.

You can also access this outcome notice by checking the status of wreck material you have reported online: https://report-wreck-material.service.gov.uk/portal/start

You can also use this service to:
* Check the status of any reports of wreck material you have submitted to the Receiver of Wreck

If you have any questions do not hesitate to contact the Receiver of Wreck using the email address row@mcga.gov.uk and quoting ((reference)).

Yours sincerely,
